
Hello Doug and John -

  A quick note to thank you both for the informative and engaging meeting this afternoon.

  I feel I have a better understanding of the opportunities and will plan to share a first-draft of a description (or two) based on  by the end of our spring break, March 21st. 
  
  Drawing on our conversation, I will look to incorporate a number of small, first-pass explorations -- challenging the team and liaisons to select one, e.g., by fall or winter break, for full prototyping by team and sponsor together. (Such open-endedness has been successful before: One of this year's clinics, Shopify, has taken such a tack.) We also have time for refinement: project descriptions head to students on August 1st.

  In parallel, I'm cc'ing Colleen Coxe, who drafts and tracks the business-agreement side of clinic-project collaborations. Colleen will also be able to make sure you are invited to this year's finale, Projects Day. (Thank you, Colleen!) 

  Many thanks to both of you, John and Doug. I look forward to what a Unite Here/HMC clinic team will create!

  Best wishes,

  - Zach






I consider research's effect-on-students with a larger coefficient than research's effect-on-the-field. (Perhaps 8x?)  The effect-on-students of George's research is very impressive and, as I've observed, authentic and earnest. Personally, I'd say engaging with unfamiliar ideas by writing papers is a very practical strategy. 

Service-wise, George has been
 both institutionally engaged and personally engaged, as I've observed (directly). A strong combination.






Hello Ben and David -

  A quick note to thank you both for hosting me today at Datadog! It was great to see Datadog's home (in good company with the NYTimes and with simply amazing views!) and great to understand a bit better what your teams are working on.

  I'm excited that you're brainstorming clinic-project ideas. Drop me a note anytime to (a) talk about possibilities, (b) set up a larger call to pitch clinic and/or  

  Best wishes, David and Ben. Let's circle back in April for at reciprocal in-person tour of the new building, graduation, and continuing our conversations!
